# Women's Work is (Screen) Saved
Women’s Work is (Screen) Saved is a bundle of images designed for a photo-based screensaver. Each image is a virtual postcard that displays reflections made by women workers—surveyed on the virtual job board, Mturk.com—on their lives, livelihood, and relationship to work during the COVID-19 pandemic. While many women wrote that their lives were profoundly changed, the details shared by women workers highlights the variety of effects the pandemic has had on women around the globe. Some share physical changes, citing leg pains, spinal pains, weight loss (a result of “forgetting to eat throughout the day while working from home,” writes one worker), weight gain, and more. Others write about increased anxiety, and other emotional stresses. Reflecting on her relationship with her grandchildren, one woman wrote, “You can’t hug through Zoom.” Created to amplify women’s working experiences during the pandemic, this digital artwork transforms collected texts into postcards from women workers who are ghosts in the machine, made for the screens that we cannot hug through, and the ubiquitous pandemic worksite: the home office. 
# Install
Download the bundle of images in the womensWork.zip file, and expand the file to see the folder of images. On your computer, choose your favorite photo-based screensaver theme and direct the file path to this folder, containing the Women's Work is (Screen) Saved image set. For instance, on MacOS, choose the Apple menu > System Preferences > Desktop & Screensaver. My fovorite is the Vintage Prints theme.
